[docs] Adds get started section to expo router tabs doc (#27358)
expo/expo: docs/pages/router/advanced/tabs.mdx

import ImageSpotlight from '~/components/plugins/ImageSpotlight';

## Get started

### Use a template

The fastest way to get started with tabs is by using a pre-made template. Run the following command to create a new project with tabs:

<Terminal cmd={['npx create-expo-app --template tabs']} />

### Set up tabs in an existing project

You can use file-based routing to create a tabs layout. Here's an example file structure:

<FileTree
  files={[
    'app/_layout.js',
    'app/(tabs)/_layout.js',
    'app/(tabs)/index.js',
    'app/(tabs)/settings.js',
  ]}
/>

This file structure will produce a layout with a tab bar at the bottom of the screen. The tab bar will have two tabs: "Home" and "Settings":

<ImageSpotlight
  alt="A screenshot of a tab bar with two tabs: Home and Settings."
  src="/static/images/expo-router/tabs.png"
  style={{ maxWidth: 540 }}
/>

You can use the **app/\_layout.js** file to define your app's main navigator:

```jsx app/_layout.js
import { Stack } from 'expo-router/stack';

export default function Layout() {
  return (
    <Stack>
      <Stack.Screen name="(tabs)" options={{ headerShown: false }}>
    </Stack>
  );
}
```

> The **(tabs)** folder is a special folder name that tells Expo Router to use the `Tabs` layout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **(tabs)** directory is a special directory name that tells Expo Router to use the `Tabs` layout.
```

As per our writing styelguide, we prefer to use directory over folder.

> Inside it, the example shows three files. The first is **(tabs)/\_layout.js**. This file is the main layout file for the tab bar and each tab. Inside it, you can control how the tab bar and each time item looks and behaves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the example, the **(tabs)** has three files. The first is **(tabs)/\_layout.js**. This file is the main layout file for the tab bar and each tab. Inside it, you can control how the tab bar and each tab screen look and behave.
```

- Let's replace "each time item" with "each tab screen"

```jsx app/(tabs)/_layout.js
import React from 'react';
import FontAwesome from '@expo/vector-icons/FontAwesome';
import { Tabs } from 'expo-router';

export default function TabLayout() {
  return (
    <Tabs screenOptions={{ tabBarActiveTintColor: 'blue' }}>
      <Tabs.Screen
        name="index"
        options={{
          title: 'Home',
          tabBarIcon: ({ color }) => <FontAwesome size={28} name="home" color={color} />,
        }}
      />
      <Tabs.Screen
        name="settings"
        options={{
          title: 'Settings',
          tabBarIcon: ({ color }) => <FontAwesome size={28} name="cog" color={color} />,
        }}
      />
    </Tabs>
  );
}
```

> The tabs layout wraps the [Bottom Tabs](https://reactnavigation.org/docs/bottom-tab-navigator) from React Navigation. You can use the options presented on the React Navigation documentation to customize the tab bar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tabs layout wraps the [Bottom Tabs Navigator](https://reactnavigation.org/docs/bottom-tab-navigator) from React Navigation. You can use the options presented in the React Navigation documentation to customize the tab bar.
```

- React Navigation doc specifies it as "Bottom Tab Navigator", let's stick to using the same convention
- Preposition usage is incorrect in the second line.

> Finally, we have the two tab files which make up the content of the tabs: **app/(tabs)/index.js** and **app/(tabs)/settings.js**. The contents of these files are identical, so we'll only show one of them:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, we have the two tab files that make up the content of the tabs: **app/(tabs)/index.js** and **app/(tabs)/settings.js**. The contents of these files are identical in the example:
```
- We don't have to specify that we'll show one example file here.

description: Learn how to use the Tabs layout in Expo Router.
---

import { FileTree } from '~/ui/components/FileTree';
import { Terminal } from '~/ui/components/Snippet';
import ImageSpotlight from '~/components/plugins/ImageSpotlight';

> Tabs are a common way to navigate between different sections of an app. Expo Router provides a tabs layout to help you create a tab bar at the bottom of your app. The fastest way to get started is to use a template. See the [quick start installation guide](/router/installation/#quick-start) to get started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tabs are a common way to navigate between different sections of an app. Expo Router provides a tabs layout to help you create a tab bar at the bottom of your app. The fastest way to get started is to use a template. See the [quick start installation](/router/installation/#quick-start) to get started.
```

> Read on to learn how to add tabs to an existing project or to customize your app's tabs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Continue reading to add tabs to an existing project or to customize your app's tabs.
```

## Get started

You can use file-based routing to create a tabs layout. Here's an example file structure:

<FileTree
  files={[
    'app/_layout.tsx',
    'app/(tabs)/_layout.tsx',
    'app/(tabs)/index.tsx',
    'app/(tabs)/settings.tsx',
  ]}
/>

> This file structure will produce a layout with a tab bar at the bottom of the screen. The tab bar will have two tabs: "Home" and "Settings":

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This file structure will produce a layout with a tab bar at the bottom of the screen. The tab bar will have two tabs, "Home" and "Settings":
```

Double colons here seem a bit weird.
